And it was so sickening what I was watching happening.
But the Lord said, "This is closer than you realize.
" And then you get to step two, Andrew, which is: "I'd like my child to be really smart.
" Step three: "I'd like my child to be really tall.
" And before you know it, we're well on the way to what could be described as eugenics or playing God.
And they grew the baby to what you had specifically wanted—hair color, eye color.
You know, like you go to the mall and Build-a-Bear; it was build-a-baby.
And they could have the gender they wanted, the hair color, the structure of the body; everything was in design.
If it wasn't right, they aborted it because it wasn't what they had ordered.
I'm afraid, Andrew, that I don't see any bright lines.
Once you go down this path, there won't be any bright lines.
And then once we genetically modify everybody into perfection, we'll all be exactly the same.
It's the same spirit that was behind Hitler.
The same thinking that Hitler had—it's sickening.
This should be illegal.
We're all fearfully and wonderfully made by the Father.
The Lord showed me this and it was very disturbing.
He showed me surrogate mothers—mothers that did not want to carry a baby but would pay somebody else to do it.
That would become something that people don't do anymore.
I saw lab-tube babies that would be created with AI technology.
You take the egg and the seed—the sperm—and you make a baby in a lab-tube.
They would grow it in an incubator.
It was like a real womb, a surrogate that didn't have to be human.
It was a tube in a lab; it wasn't that big.
And instead of having a surrogate woman, it was a surrogate tube.
And they grew the baby to what you had specifically wanted: hair color, eye color, like a Build-a-Bear.
It was build-a-baby.
And they could have the gender they wanted, the hair color, the structure of the body; everything was in design.
And if it wasn't right, they aborted it because it wasn't what they had ordered, like an AI order.
This is what we want at the lab.
And they created it with genetic modification of human life in a tube.
And in certain countries, they made it legal.
And you did not have to have a surrogate woman anymore to carry your baby for you because the celebrities—these people were into their looks.
Big-money people were into their looks, and they didn't want to pay for a surrogate because you'd have to worry about what they're eating, what they're drinking, or who they are, or if they're weird.
They said, "Well, we'll just let the lab do it.
" They paid mega money for what they specifically wanted for a build-a-child.
And it was very disturbing.
So, I saw the child be born.
It was ready to hatch out of this womb thing with bubbles bubbling all around it, keeping the baby alive.
It was AI technology beyond anything you can comprehend, taking the egg from the woman and the seed from the man and creating a child with your DNA.
But there was no—and this is what I thought was interesting—I saw the baby and there was no connection.
What I could see in the face was there was no real connection like when a mother carries a child normally; there's a connection and a bond that is created with the human that is only done by God.
And when this is not made there, it was almost like looking at a child with autism where the lights are on, but no one's home.
I don't mean that disrespectfully, but I'm trying to describe it.
This is what these children looked like in their eyes; there was just this disconnect.
But I saw this thing coming.
Now, I don't know how this would happen.
It seems so far out there.
But the Lord told me to warn you that this is coming: lab-grown children, lab-grown life.
Then I saw them in labs, and they were doing genetic code in Japan and China and some other places.
I don't know if the United States would come right out and do this very fast, but I saw foreign countries have no restraints.
I saw lab-grown babies again.
And they were making something that looked like a superhuman—what they thought was a perfect child.
They were trying to be like Hitler with ethnic cleansing.
This is what they will eliminate by making a superhuman race without any kind of flaws through an artificial womb.
An artificial womb that looked the size of a toilet bowl.
As it was growing and developing, if it wasn't what they wanted, they just aborted it—build-a-baby.
And I said that yesterday; I was hearing a celebrity and many of you got her name right, which I thought was interesting.
My son told me who you all were saying in the chat and there were so many people saying the exact same person.
I heard her talking and I will never say it on here, and I encourage you all not to either, but they were saying it right.
I heard the celebrity talking and they were saying this is convenient so as not to put stress on the woman's body because it's too much for their organs.
This is more convenient so that we can multiply our bloodlines to make sure that name is sustained in the earth.
You want to make sure you have strong men to take on that name.
Some names mean more than others in their opinion.
So you raise up a bunch of these celebrity names and males to take on that name of that celebrity or royalty.
But in a superhuman, beautiful eyes—this is guaranteed, ma'am.
You put this in there and they're never going to have cancer; we'll be able to take that genetic out of there.
And it was so sickening what I was watching happening.
But the Lord said, "This is closer than you realize.
" When I was in there looking at the vision, I heard the voice of the Lord and he said, "This is closer than you realize.
" And then I saw babies in labs in amniotic fluid with bubbling and a light behind it.
It looked like a hot light keeping this baby warm, like something in a sci-fi movie.
What you could see wasn't fully developed yet.
I could see the nose and the head and how it separates from the egg and the sperm.
Life without a mother.
And I saw they were doing it; it was successful.
It was alive in a cylinder tube, suspended in this amniotic fluid stuff and real-life bubbles that were moving around this human life.
I could see the fluids and it looked like the amniotic fluid had a yellow tint.
It looked like a shade of urine, but it looked thick like jelly.
The baby was suspended in this tube and it was being grown in a lab.
And I could actually see an umbilical cord, some kind of cord attached to this fetus, to this baby.